# japm_submission_07022017
ACCESS TO DATA AND SOFTWARE: The data used for this paper is generated by means of simulations, and analyzed using proprietary software packages that have been kindly provided on request from the authors of those packages.
 
The data is available in the JAPM.zip file as follows: 

- the R code used to simulate the data, 
- the VB code (as text file) used to run the analytical software packages in batch mode, the simulated data,
- the input files for the analytical software, 
- the output files of the analytical software, 
- and the R Code used to analyse and display the results contained in the output files. 

For access to the analytical packages it will be necessary to contact directly their authors (listed in the paper). The VB code provide the naming references for the folders used by the software packages. The VB code call the batch application files for GGUM and PARELLA. The program RUMMFOLD is handled by using simulated keystroke i/o commands to implement a batch procedure. As a consequence fixed delay times  are enforced to guarantee complete execution of processing steps, so delays may be observed during execution. Processing a single input file will take approximately 4.5 minutes on a a dual core Intel Core(TM) 1.73Ghz (serial processing) CPU with 2GB RAM on a 32-bit Windows 7 OS.

A  VB compiler (we reccomend as Visual Studio) must be obtained to run the VB code. If required we can provide the VB Console applications used to run the analysis. The packages must be run on a 32 bit version of Windows 7. 
